1.	Required Constants
    a.	Assign number of bombs to be there in the game
    b.	We can assign numbers manually or let computer choose a random amount of bombs to be placed every time
    c. an object that can store different colors corresponding to different nnumbers.





2.	Variables to track the state of the game
    a.	Board/grid to represent squares
    b.	Winner variable to determine win or loss
    c. have a variable for flags to tell the users how many flags have been placed or amount of bombs there are placed.
    d. width variable to determine left and right edge.


3.	When the app is loaded
    a.	There will be an init() method
        i .	Inside init method, initialize the grid and also place bombs in random squares
        ii.	The winner variable will be initialized to null because there is no winner or loser yet
    
    b.	There will also be a render method
        i.	Render the board and place bombs, empty squares and squares with value in it
        ii.	In case of a winner or loser, render a message that tells the user what has happened
        iii.	Have a function to listen for when a user clicks on a square



4.	Handling a click function:
    a.	Get index of square that the user clicks on by extracting it using the id assign to those grids
    
    b.	If the square is already clicked then return 
    
    c.	If click on one of the bombs square then show all the bombs and set display a message that says you have lost

    d. if click on a square that is empty then initiate flood function.

5. Gameover function for when the game should be over.
    a. clicking on bomb will definetely end the game.

6. Implementing a function to add flags
    a. once a flag has been added then that square won't go off if we click on it or the bomb goes off
    b. also once a flag has been added make sure to reduce the count of mines or flags left

7. FLood function
    a. clicking on an empty square will create a flood that will also open the neighbor squares if they are also empty

8. Function to count how many bombs are nearby
    a. add a function to count near by bombs that connects to its sides.


9.	Reset/replay button:
    a.	Render the board again with completely new values
